chore: add section about stylistic changes in contribution guide (#19884)
vitejs/vite: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - Provide a detailed description of the bug in the PR. Live demo preferred.
  - Add appropriate test coverage if applicable.

> - If it's a chore (typos, comment improvements, etc.):
> 
>   - For typos and comment changes, try to combine multiple of them into a single PR.
>   - **Note that we discourage contributors from submitting code refactors that are largely stylistic.** Code refactors are only accepted if it improves performance, or comes with sufficient explanations on why it objectively improves the code quality (e.g. makes a related feature implementation easier).
>     - The reason is that code readability is subjective. The maintainers of this project have chosen to write the code in its current style based on our preferences, and we do not want to spend time explaining our stylistic preferences. Contributors should just respect the established conventions when contributing code. Another aspect of it is that large scale stylistic changes result in massive diffs that touch multiple files, adding noise to the git history and makes tracing behavior changes across commits more cumbersome.
> 

Reviewer: I think we could remove the listing in parenthesis as we are mentioning them in the bullet list right away.
```suggestion
- If it's a chore:

  - For typos and comment changes, try to combine multiple of them into a single PR.
  - **Note that we discourage contributors from submitting code refactors that are largely stylistic.** Code refactors are only accepted if it improves performance, or objectively improves code quality (e.g. makes a related bug fix or feature implementation easier, and it is as a separate PR to improve git history).
    - The reason is that code readability is subjective. The maintainers of this project have chosen to write the code in its current style based on our preferences, and we do not want to spend time explaining our stylistic preferences. Contributors should just respect the established conventions when contributing code. Another aspect of it is that large scale stylistic changes result in massive diffs that touch multiple files, adding noise to the git history and makes tracing behavior changes across commits more cumbersome.

```

Reworded the second point to focus on the related feature or bug fix more than on having a good explanation as I think that should discourage more of these kind of PRs, but feel free to go with your version if you prefer that.
